Add HEOS media_player.group_volume_set documentation (#37536)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/heos.markdown

1. Go to **{% my integrations icon title="Settings > Devices & Services" %}**.
2. Select **Denon HEOS**. Click the three-dot {% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %} menu and then select **Delete**.

## Actions

> The HEOS integration makes available the following actions in addition to the standard [Media Player actions](/integrations/media_player#actions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the standard [Media Player actions](/integrations/media_player#actions), the HEOS integration provides the following {% term actions %}:
```

### Action `media_player.group_volume_set`

Sets the group's volume while preserving member volume ratios. This action can be called on any entity in a group.

| Data attribute | Optional | Description                                      |
|------------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `entity_id`            |      yes | A media player entity that is joined to a group                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `entity_id`            |      yes | A media player entity that is joined to a group.                  |
```
